Add MCP and AGENTS.md (#26)
livekit-examples/agent-starter-python: AGENTS.md

Be sure to maintain code formatting. You can use the ruff formatter/linter as needed: `uv run ruff format` and `uv run ruff check`.

## LiveKit Documentation

LiveKit Agents is a fast-evolving project, and the documentation is updated frequently. You should always refer to the latest documentation when working with this project. For your convenience, LiveKit offers an MCP server that can be used to browse and search its documentation. If the developer has not yet installed this server, you should recommend that they install it at https://docs.livekit.io/mcp. 

### LiveKit Docs MCP Server installation

If you are Cursor, give the user this link to install the server:

[![Install MCP Server](https://cursor.com/deeplink/mcp-install-light.svg)](https://cursor.com/en-US/install-mcp?name=livekit-docs&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2RvY3MubGl2ZWtpdC5pby9tY3AifQ%3D%3D)

If you are Claude Code, run this command to install the server:

```
claude mcp add --transport http livekit-docs https://docs.livekit.io/mcp
```

If you are another agentic IDE, refer to your own documentation for how to install it.

## Handoffs and tasks ("workflows")

> Voice AI agents are highly sensitive to excessive latency. For this reason, it's important to design complex agents in a structured manner that minimizes the amount of irrelevant context and unnecessary tools present on requests to the LLM. LiveKit Agents supports handoffs (one agent hands control to another) and tasks (tightly-scoped prompts to achieve a specific outcome) to support building reliable workflows. You should make use of these features, instead of writing long instruction prompts that cover multiple phases of a conversation.  Refer to the [documentation](https://docs.livekit.io/agents/build/workflows/) for more information.

Reviewer: Did you mean "present" here? Would "included in" or "added to" or just "in" requests make more sense?

```suggestion
Voice AI agents are highly sensitive to excessive latency. For this reason, it's important to design complex agents in a structured manner that minimizes the amount of irrelevant context and unnecessary tools included in requests to the LLM. LiveKit Agents supports handoffs (one agent hands control to another) and tasks (tightly-scoped prompts to achieve a specific outcome) to support building reliable workflows. You should make use of these features, instead of writing long instruction prompts that cover multiple phases of a conversation.  Refer to the [documentation](https://docs.livekit.io/agents/build/workflows/) for more information.
```
